Write-upPlease include the following sections in your write-up:1. What I Learned  Include any major points of knowledge about what you learned or understood more clearly after completing the activity.2. Questions Answer the 4 questions listed below and document all research on the last page and title it 'Sources'. (APA style is not required)Step 1: PrepMake sure you have the following:* Access to your Virtual Lab environment * Ubuntu VMStep 2: InstructionsIn the video lesson, you were asked questions and provided with information to help you answer the questions. You were also introduced to fun apps that can be installed in the terminal. Using your Ubuntu VM on the virtual lab, you will research the following topics to find the answers and explore installing apps using the terminal.* The 'su' command and how to use it. Su allows you to switch to a different user entirely rather than just sudo which lets you basically borrow the credentials of the super user.  Type su (user name) >  press enter> type the user’s password> press enter * SELinux, what is it, why is it installed, and can it be disabled?* Explore the fun apps you can install using the terminal.After you have researched the above topics, you will then answer the following questions.1. How do you use the ‘su’ command and what changes? Type su (user name) >  press enter> type the user’s password> press enter.The results of the whoami command will change to the user account you switched to and so will the credentials, You will also switch to the permissions and credentials of that user account. 2. Can you disable SELinux? Yes you can.  find the SElinux file /etc/selinux/config > change SELINUX=enforcing line to either SELINUX= “disabled” ( with root permission of course).3. Can you add additional repositories? Yes first enable root permission ( sudo or su) > add-apt-repository [options] repository 4. What fun apps did you install using the CLI on Ubuntu? (Install a minimum of 2)Steam locomotive and cowsay Step 3: Installing Apps in UbuntuUse your Ubuntu VM on the virtual lab to perform the installations from the linked sources below.You may pick whichever apps you want to install and use for your write-up. You can take screenshots of the apps running in the terminal window. You must select at least 5 apps to install.Please use the links below to access the sites where you will learn more about the apps and how to install them.20 Funny Commands of Linux10 Linux Easter Eggs20 Amusing Linux Commands to Have Fun with the TerminalUse the "apt-get" command to remove each file when done, if you wish to uninstall the app.Kyle Ford3.4 - Exploring the Command Line Interface 